SITE-4307: Fix local development with pantheon_apachesolr 7.x-1.1 (#9561)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/releasenotes/2025-05-22-pantheon-apachesolr-1-1-1.md

---
title: Local bug fix update for Pantheon Apache Solr (7.x-1.1.1) in the Drupal 7 upstream
published_date: "2025-05-22"
categories: [drupal]
---

> A followup to [last week's update](/release-notes/2025/05/drops-7-solr-update) for Drupal 7's `pantheon_apachesolr` module has been released to the Drupal 7 upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A followup update to [last week's release](/release-notes/2025/05/drops-7-solr-update) for the Drupal 7 `pantheon_apachesolr` module is now available for the Drupal 7 upstream.
```

This update resolves a regression with local development in version 1.1 of `pantheon_apachesolr`.

> As a reminder, customers using Solr with Drupal 7 sites should update their sites to the latest version of the upstream as soon as possible. Customers with custom upstreams will need to update their upstreams to [include the last changes in the platform upstream](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/drops-7/compare/7.103.3...7.103.5).

Reviewer 2: Do we want or expect people to read this diff? https://github.com/pantheon-systems/drops-7/compare/7.103.3...7.103.5
